DBZ-6941 MySQL Kafka Signalling documentation is incorrect (#4895)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/mysql.adoc

==== Ad hoc read-only incremental snapshots

> When the MySQL connection is read-only, you can use any of the {link-prefix}:{link-signalling}#overview[available signaling channels] without the requirement to use the `source` channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the MySQL connection is read-only, you can use any of the {link-prefix}:{link-signalling}#sending-signals-to-a-debezium-connector[available signaling channels] without the requirement to use the `source` channel.
```
To enable this link to work downstream, we can't use the `overview` anchor, because it's in a section that's conditionalized as community content.
